Updated description for `atan()` function (#1040)
Codecademy/docs: content/cpp/concepts/math-functions/terms/atan/atan.md

  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The `<cmath>` header file defines `atan()` function that returns the inverse tangent of an argument in radians. It takes a single argument (positive, negative, or zero) and returns the output in radians.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`atan()`** function that returns the inverse tangent of an argument (positive, negative, or zero) in radians.
```

## Syntax

> 

Reviewer: On line # 18, let's change \```py to \```pseudo.

> 

Reviewer: Can we write 1-3 sentences here that explains the domain/range of the `n` parameter along with any edge cases (e.g., pos/neg infinity).

## Example 1

The following example uses the `atan()` function that returns the inverse tangent of value `0.0`:

```cpp
#include <iostream>
#include <cmath>

int main() {
  double value = 0.0;
  double result;

  result = std::atan(value);

  std::cout << result << " radians" << "\n";
  // Output: 1.5708 radians
}
```

> ### Example 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Codebyte Example
```

> The following example uses the `atan()` function that returns the inverse tangent of value `1.0`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example returns the inverse tangent of the `value` with the `atan()` function:
```

```cpp
#include <iostream>
#include<cmath>

int main(){

>   double value= 1.0, result;
>   result= atan(value);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  double value = 1.0, result;
  result = atan(value);
```

>   std::cout << result << " radians" << "\n";
>   //Output: 0.785398 radians

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  std::cout << result << " radians" << "\n";
```
